README.md, before:

# Boston Hassle

Author: [Kay Belardinelli](http://kangabell.co)

Version: 1.1

2016-2017

![Screenshot of Website](screenshot.png)


## Description
A custom WordPress theme, created for The Boston Hassle.

## Required Plugins

- Advanced Custom Fields
- Cookie Consent
- The Events Calendar Pro

## Other Supported Plugins

- Better Recent Comments
- Total Donations

## Other Required Stuff

- [WordPress](https://wordpress.org/)
- [compass](http://compass-style.org/install/)

## Installation
- clone the repo into your wp-content/themes folder
- run `npm install`
- to track Sass changes, run `compass watch` from the root directory

## Notes

The CSS on this project was written in Sass and compiled using Compass. The CSS files are not tracked in this repo, so you will need to run the compiler to have the website not look terrible in your environment. Please do not edit the CSS files directly!

NOTE: If you make changes to the theme and are not using versioning such as Git for whatever reason, please log your changes below!


## Changelog

Commit message:

use Sass instead of Compass to compile sass; update documentation

README.md, after:

# Boston Hassle

Author: [Kay Belardinelli](http://kangabell.co)

Version: 1.2

2016-2018

![Screenshot of Website](screenshot.png)


## Description
A custom WordPress theme, created for The Boston Hassle.

## Required Plugins

- Advanced Custom Fields
- Cookie Consent
- The Events Calendar Pro

## Other Supported Plugins

- Better Recent Comments
- Total Donations

## Other Required Stuff

- [WordPress](https://wordpress.org/)
- [sass](https://sass-lang.com/install)

## Installation
- clone the repo into your wp-content/themes folder
- run `npm install`
- to track Sass changes and compile them into CSS, run `sass --watch sass:stylesheets` from the `library/` directory

## Notes

The CSS on this project was written in Sass. The CSS files are not tracked in this repo, so you will need to run the compiler to have the website not look terrible in your environment. Please do not edit the CSS files directly!

NOTE: If you make changes to the theme and are not using versioning such as Git for whatever reason, please log your changes below!


## Changelog
